Now did we have a rough idea of what web components are and you will hear me use the term Web components
and custom elements interchangeably in this course.
By the way now did we know that the question is why would we use web components.
Well one great advantage is that a web component like this modal component you saw allows us to encapsulate
logic and user interface in one custom H2 Mal tech which we then another advantage can also reuse across
our page or even reuse across multiple projects.
We can't just take that JavaScript file and drop it into any other project just as you did it with my
modal jazz file so encapsulated logic and an encapsulated user interface is of course great because
it's easier to understand.
We have connected code in one element and another element cares about something totally different.
So we have separate that code which is always great.
It's therefore also easy to maintain and we have a separation of concerns.
Every element takes care about one task the modal takes care about displaying itself and showing some
content in this pop up windows style.
It does not care about the sidebar or is sending HDP requests or anything like that.
There were usability across the page means that we only have to write a certain logic once and then
we can use it multiple times that modal might be something we show when user orders an item but also
when the user log in fails.
So we can write this logic one and then just pass different dynamic content into it into different parts
of our page where we use it.
So we don't have to worry about overlapping logic and we also don't have to write logic into user interface
more than once which is great.
At the same advantages are true when we share our component across multiple projects.
We still use it like a normal H2 mail element.
We don't have to worry about setting up a complex development environment there or using a special framework.
We can even have projects written in different frameworks.
Let's say an angular and in react and we can use one and the same left component in both.
So dad is a great advantage.
We wouldn't be able to share React Components with an angular project for example.
We also of course can reuse core UI elements across multiple projects.
So you could create a set of core UI elements that have your corporate identity baked in like a toolbar.
The modal the side draw which you use in all your project stands so that can be really helpful and save
you a lot of time.
And we again also don't have to repeat ourselves when it comes to writing all the logic and the user
interface.